README-development.rst, before:

============
Development
============

The target audience for this README is developers wanting to contribute to ocifs, Oracle
Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) Object Storage implementation of fsspec's filesystem.
If you want to use the SDK with your own programs, see README.md.

Getting Started
===============
Assuming that you have Python and `conda` installed, set up your environment and install the required dependencies like this:

.. code-block:: sh

    git clone https://github.com/oracle/ocifs.git
    cd ocifs
    conda create python=3.8 --name ocifs -y
    conda activate ocifs
    python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt
    python3 -m pip install -r requirements-dev.txt
    python3 -m pip install -r docs/requirements.txt

You should also set up your configuration files, see the `SDK and CLI Configuration File`__.

__ https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/Content/API/Concepts/sdkconfig.htm

Running Tests
=============
The SDK uses `pytest` as its test framework. You can run tests against Python 3.6+ using the `tox` command. Note that this requires that you have those versions of Python installed,
or you must pass `-e` or run tests directly:

.. code-block:: sh

    # This runs tests against all configured Pythons in tox.ini (3.6+). You must have those versions installed.
    tox

    # This runs tests against a specific Python version:
    tox -e py36

If you want to run an individual test, then run:

.. code-block:: sh

    python -m pytest ocifs/tests/test_spec.py::test_simple


Specifying environment variables
--------------------------------
In addition to a valid config file for your tenancy, the tests also require the following environment
variables to be set:

    * ``OCIFS_TEST_NAMESPACE``: The namespace of a bucket in Object Storage to use for testing.
    * ``OCIFS_TEST_BUCKET``: The bucket in Object Storage to use for testing.


Checking Style
==============
The ocifs SDK adheres to PEP8 style guilds, and uses Flake8 to validate style.  There are some exceptions and they can
be viewed in the ``setup.cfg`` file.

There is a pre-commit hook setup for this repo. To use this pre-commit hook, run the following:

.. code-block:: sh
    python3 -m pip install pre-commit
    pre-commit install


Signing Commits
================
Please ensure that all commits are signed following the process outlined here:
https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/managing-commit-signature-verification/signing-commits


Generating Documentation
========================
Sphinx is used for documentation. You can generate HTML locally with the following:

.. code-block:: sh

    python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt
    cd docs
    make html

Generating the wheel
====================
The SDK is packaged as a wheel. To generate the wheel, you can run:

.. code-block:: sh

    python setup.py sdist bdist_wheel

This wheel can then be installed using `pip`.

Commit message:

Removed setup.py, added pyproject.toml instead (#21)
* ODSC-42791. Add pre-commit hooks for ocids, copyright and secrets

- updated .pre-commit-config.yaml
- added .gitleaks.toml

* ODSC-46874. Removed setup.py, added pyproject.toml instead

- added pyprojec.toml with all metadata information copied from setup.py
- removed .version.json
- updated code to get version of ocifs in utils.py
- updated code and instructions in Makefile, MANIFEST.in, README-development.rst
- removed requirements.txt, as it has only required dependencies, which will be satisfied by pyproject.toml
- cleaned setup.cfg

* skipping unit tests

---------

Co-authored-by: Allen <allen.hosler@oracle.com>

README-development.rst, after:

============
Development
============

The target audience for this README is developers wanting to contribute to ocifs, Oracle
Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) Object Storage implementation of fsspec's filesystem.
If you want to use the SDK with your own programs, see README.md.

Getting Started
===============
Assuming that you have Python and `conda` installed, set up your environment and install the required dependencies like this:

.. code-block:: sh

    git clone https://github.com/oracle/ocifs.git
    cd ocifs
    conda create python=3.8 --name ocifs -y
    conda activate ocifs
    # Install the current package in your environment in an editable mode:
    python3 -m pip install -e .

You should also set up your configuration files, see the `SDK and CLI Configuration File`__.

__ https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/Content/API/Concepts/sdkconfig.htm

Running Tests
=============
The SDK uses `pytest` as its test framework. If you want to run an individual test, then run:

.. code-block:: sh

    python -m pytest ocifs/tests/test_spec.py::test_simple


Specifying environment variables
--------------------------------
In addition to a valid config file for your tenancy, the tests also require the following environment
variables to be set:

    * ``OCIFS_TEST_NAMESPACE``: The namespace of a bucket in Object Storage to use for testing.
    * ``OCIFS_TEST_BUCKET``: The bucket in Object Storage to use for testing.


Checking Style
==============
The ocifs SDK adheres to PEP8 style guilds, and uses Flake8 to validate style. There are some exceptions and they can
be viewed in the ``setup.cfg`` file.

There is a pre-commit hook setup for this repo. To use this pre-commit hook, run the following:

.. code-block:: sh
    python3 -m pip install pre-commit
    pre-commit install


Signing Commits
================
Please ensure that all commits are signed following the process outlined here:
https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/managing-commit-signature-verification/signing-commits


Generating Documentation
========================
Sphinx is used for documentation. You can generate HTML locally with the following:

.. code-block:: sh

    python3 -m pip install -r docs/requirements.txt
    cd docs
    make html

Generating the wheel
====================
The SDK using [build](https://pypa-build.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html) as build frontend. To generate sdist and wheel, you can run:

.. code-block:: sh

    pip install build
    python -m build

This wheel can then be installed using `pip`.
